.TH QZIP 1 local
.SH NAME
qzip \- compress or decompress with qat acceleration
.SH SYNOPSIS
.ll +8
.B qzip
.RB [ " \-AdfhHkLCro " ]
[
.I "name \&..."
]
.ll -8
.br
.SH DESCRIPTION
QATzip is a user space library which builds on top of the Intel QuickAssist
Technology user space library, to provide extended accelerated compression and
decompression services by offloading the actual compression and decompression
request(s) to the Intel Chipset Series. QATzip produces data using the standard
gzip format (RFC1952) with extended headers. The data can be decompressed with a
compliant gzip implementation. QATzip is design to take full advantage of the
performance provided by Intel&reg; QuickAssist Technology.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-A --algorithm
set algorithm type, currently only support deflate
.TP
.B \-d --decompress
decompress
.TP
.B \-f --force
force overwrite of output file and compress links
.TP
.B \-h --help
give this help
.TP
.B \-H --huffmanhdr
set huffman header type
.TP
.B \-k --keep
Keep (don't delete) input files during compression or decompression.
.TP
.B \-L --level
set compression level
.TP
.B \-C --chunksz
set chunk size
.TP
.B \-r
set max inflight request number
.TP
.B \-o
set output file name

.SH COPYRIGHT
################################################################
#   BSD LICENSE
#
#   Copyright(c) 2007-2023 Intel Corporation. All rights reserved.
#   All rights reserved.
#
#   Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
#   modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
#   are met:
#
#     * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
#       notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
#     * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
#       notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in
#       the documentation and/or other materials provided with the
#       distribution.
#     * Neither the name of Intel Corporation nor the names of its
#       contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived
#       from this software without specific prior written permission.
#
#   THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS
#   "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
#   LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR
#   A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT
#   OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
#   SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
#   LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
#   DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY
#   THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
#   (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
#   OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
#
################################################################
